[[The Grey Spine]]
Nestled within a plunging valley sits a vast man-made dam. Spanning the breadth of the valley, Gräffendam exists today as one of the most impressive feats of engineering [[Etharis]] has ever seen. The majority of <mark style="background: #FFB86CA6;">the dam appears to be carved from obsidian-black granite</mark>, yet how the dam was initially constructed remains a mystery.

Prior to maintenance undertaken by the current Bürach Empire, it is believed that Gräffendam was built by the [[Grebenstein]] dwarves. However, only a select few among the aristocracy know that the dam predates even them.

In addition to the mystery of Gräffendam’s origins, there is the mystery of the water contained in its glacial reservoir. Called Aquanos, the water has a variety of useful properties. In its pure state, it remains at a temperature just above freezing, and can only be heated or frozen using magic. When used in place of other water it also greatly increases the yield of farm crops and the potency of potions. These properties have made the aristocrats and landowners of Gräffendam some of the wealthiest in the Empire. The upper classes take their social status literally, residing on the domed roof of the dam. Called [[Gildreath]], the aristocracy have constructed a perpetual winter wonderland. [[Gildreath]] teems with villas and evergreen gardens draped in magical lights. The privileged few who dwell atop Gräffendam spend their lives indulging in excess and frivolity. The same cannot be said for the desperate masses that live at the base of the dam.

The base of Gräffendam is a hive of crime and poverty. When the rumours of plague came, the aristocracy prevented entry to the upper dam by all but the wealthiest. With nowhere else to turn, the growing population of refugees established a vast ghetto of rickety high-rises sloping up the outer wall of the dam. Below these favelas lies the river port of [[Ünterdam]], which has fallen into disrepair since the plague and reduced trade to a near standstill. Due to the limited hours of daylight from the shadow of the dam, the area of [[Ünterdam]] and the favela are collectively called “The Shade”.

Shortly after Gräffendam was closed to the public, the upper class struck a deal with [[The Ebon Syndicate]]. The Syndicate would get a cut of the shipping revenue and control over The Shade, so long as they prevented intruders breaching the dam walls and quashed civil unrest. With unchecked authority over the base of the dam, the Syndicate are free to conduct whatever business they wish.