[[The Grey Spine]]
The Burrowfell mines lies beneath the [[Fortress of Restfall]], the mines are known as the greatest source of adamantine Etharis has ever seen. The keep and the mines are kept religiously secure by dwarves who are direct descendants from the original finders of the ore deposit, not many outsiders alive have ever seen the inside of the mine, but any wealthy enough who can pay the price are allowed at least see the product when it leaves the keep's massive gates.

# Perils of mining too Deep
Unbeknownst to the rest of the kingdom, Burrowfell and [[The Adamant]] are fighting a silent war deep beneath within its mines. In the times before, mining Adamantine was considered impossible to mine. The largest theory was that it came from beyond our world. But the Dwarves of Burrowfell seemed to have taped into a vein of Adamantine, and it was sizable. The Adamantine in their mines was as challenging as mining for any other ore. There were understood dangers such as cave ins, poisonous gas pockets, and the occasional monster that needed killing. However, as the miners delved deeper and deeper, searching for more veins of dwindling adamantine, they stumbled upon slumbering abominations who awoke and tore through the unfortunate miners. These creatures, known as [[Shadow Mauler]]s, nearly broke free of the mines to consume all, but were stopped when some brave Burrow-Guard soldiers intentionally caved in the mine shafts that lead to the surface, killing themselves in the process. Over time, the [[Burrow Guard]] developed new ways to deal with the hidden threat lying in the depths. [[Pneumatic Rifle]], Sunlight Grenades, and flame cannons are just some of the tools developed in an attempt to stave off the voracious darkness. 

## Neutral Territory
The Burrowfell Mines are under their own authority and violently defend that freedom, as they have for centuries. During the [[2 Era of Expansion|Era of Expansion]] their ancestors held against the nations that sought to control them. During the constant war between the Ostoyans and the Burarch people, they held their fortress against dead and damned. Staunch in their position to be neutral, they have lost much. Each day they hold against the threat from below and those outside. Now, as their numbers continue to dwindle, there are some leaders who are willing to seek outside help. 