The capital city of Altenheim is the largest city in [[The Bürarch Empire]]. As the saying goes, “All roads lead to Altenheim.” Trade routes eventually find their way here, some from as far away as [[Grarjord]]. It is also the safest location in all of the Empire, as Altenheim is known for its high walls and towers that make a siege unlikely to succeed.

Nowhere else can one experience the height of Bürach culture—as well as the depth of its debauchery—than in Altenheim, the City of Joy, capital of [[Abendland]] and the Empire itself.

The [[Gods’ End]] left a terrible wound on the Bürach Empire, and perhaps this is most felt in [[Abendland]]. The people in the City of Joy have thrown themselves into enjoying every moment they have. Music fills the city morning and evening, and even at midnight, the city is aglow.

While [[Abendland]] is the seat of Imperial rule, it is clear that the [[Hearthkeepers]] is the power behind the throne. The [[Hearthkeepers]] maintain order by preaching fidelity to the tenets of the late goddess [[Aurelia]]: kindness, humility, and temperance. Newcomers may find this odd, considering the wild, drug-fueled parties that occur every night in the city. One finds that the citizens of Altenheim are able to worship fervently each day and still not lose sleep over breaking every law of the goddess at night.

There isn’t a desire or whim that can’t be sated in the City of Joy. With its trade routes and acres of farmland, [[Abendland]] is one of the richest provinces in [[Etharis]]. The [[Silverstream Markets]] offer goods from as far north as [[Grarjord]] to as far south as [[Sante Viegre]]. Those eager to sample the culture of the Bürach Empire can visit the Bard Colleges and the famous [[Starhold Theatre]]. For the more religiously inclined, they can learn much from the priests of the [[Grand Temple of Aurelia]]. Finally, those looking for a good time can hardly do better than the many-storied [[Caledan Inn]], open at all hours and usually booked full.